# Retraining-Inception : Model-classify-and-label-my-custom-specified-labels-even-to-strange-objects
Probelm Statement : I trained model to detect and classify `cotton` and `weed` plant. It is doing well in case of cotton and weed, but whenever I give it some random input it also classify them as either cotton or weed. e.g. labeling cars and cards and cotton and weed :(

Here Folder Early files contain files that I used exactly as instructed in this repository https://github.com/EdjeElectronics/TensorFlow-Object-Detection-API-Tutorial-Train-Multiple-Objects-Windows-10, following him from his youtube video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rgpfk6eYxJA.

Second folder contain files I used after supervisor instruction.

Files Exlaination:

faster_rcnn_inception_v2_coco.config  is model config file. Modified to set my requirements.

generate_tfrecord.py to create tf record for my inputs.

mscoco_label_map.pbtxt is label file for 92 classes, only two mine, rest 90 classes are coco pre-trained classes. I've inputed dataset for only two of mine classes.

lable_map.pbtxt is file containing only two classes instead of all other coco classes.

pipeline.cofig is file generated by model on which model is trained.

csv files has been created using xml_to_csv.py to feed them to generate_tfrecord.py for further execution

trainer.py is to start training model.

Output images are also attached, in these images label `other` referes to `weed`.

All I want my model is to detect All object as it use to do before feeding my own dataset. Yes before feeding and training model inception for my own data, it classify all objects accurately, for example car to car, truck to truck, and person to person. It becomes dirty when I feed my custom input to it. And if i don't feed my custom input to it, it don't detect cotton or other.

But output is same after all tries. More Detailed problem statement is here:

https://github.com/EdjeElectronics/TensorFlow-Object-Detection-API-Tutorial-Train-Multiple-Objects-Windows-10/issues/353
